Israeli military has confirmed the
deaths of four more hostages in Gaza
three were Israeli Nationals and one a
joint British Israeli National who was
named as nadav poell their bodies were
recovered in southern Gaza all had been
taken by Hamas during the attack last
October the precise details of their
deaths is not known the Israeli military
spokesman Daniel hagari made the
announcement
earlier today we shared the devastating
news with the families of 8 5year Old
amiram Cooper one of the founders of
kibuts n Ro 8-year-old K Perry from
kibutz n Ro 8-year-old yor metzgar from
kibutz n Ro and 51-year-old Israeli and
British
citizen from
kavell from
kib that their loved ones were killed a
few months ago during Kamas captivity in
Gaza and their bodies are still being
held by
Hamas we assess that the four of them
were killed well together in the area of
kanun during our operation there against
Hamas the information we confirmed by
the relevant bodies after assessing new
intelligence that we gathered over the
last few weeks that was Daniel hagari
there well the US says that it has
submitted a resolution to the UN
Security Council calling for the
implementation of the three-stage Gaza C
ceasefire and hostage deal unveiled by
President Biden last week the first step
of the peace plan is an initial 6 week
ceasefire as negotiations are held in
tandem eventually leading to an end in
the fighting and the freeing of all the
hostages and the final stage would be
the Reconstruction of Gaza without hamus
in power our Middle East correspondent
Lucy Williamson has been speaking to
people both inside Gaza and in the
Israeli town of stot On the Border with
Gaza to gauge their reaction to the new
plan the price of gaza's war is rising
as its cities
crumble the price of Peace too high for
leaders on both
sides Israel said it had bombed more
than 50 targets since yesterday but
Hamas is still fighting here and hopes
for the new ceasefire deal were
mixed Hamas should raise its demands and
seriously adhere to the conditions they
set which are the people's
demands Hamas accept the deal it's
enough enough of what we lost we urge
Hamas to stop the war Israel's prime
minister is negotiating on two fronts
his farride allies say he must continue
the war until Hamas is destroyed or
they'll bring down the government he's
insisted that his conditions for a
ceasefire haven't changed
we have gone a long way to return the
hostages while keeping the war's
objectives in mind primarily the
elimination of Hamas we insist that we
will achieve both it's all part of the
plan not something I've just
added but Hamas has said it won't free
more hostages without a guarantee the
war will end tonight Israel learned that
four more captives were confirmed to
have died himim Perry yuram meta amiram
kooper and British Israeli nadav
Powell after almost 8 months of War much
of Northern Gaza lies in Ruins but
Israel's prime minister is struggling to
end the war because he hasn't achieved
his War goals he hasn't brought back all
the hostages he hasn't destroyed Hamas
the US President says Hamas is no longer
capable of carrying out the kind of
attack it did on the 7th of October but
Israelis living here by the Gaza border
say they still don't feel
safe this is the last time yarin saw her
neighborhood trapped in her home in stot
by the Gaza border as Hamas gunman ran
through the streets you know if my midle
she and her three children fled to
Jerusalem the next day as sees fire now
she says won't be enough to send them
home we will free hostages but few F
years from from now your life will be
you will be the next hostages you will
be the next people that get murdered
that the women that R the the all this
will be happen again this is fire will
kill us ending this conflict rests with
the leaders of Israel and Hamas locked
in a war for their own Survival Lucy
Williamson BBC News
stot well let's speak to our Middle East
correspondent Yan now who's in Jerusalem
for us hello land I understand there's
an investigation that is being held into
the deaths of these four hostages why is
that so the Israeli military says the
circumstances are still not clear uh
which led to the men's deaths um earlier
this year it appears during Israeli
operations in Khan yunas in southern
Gaza of course that was seen very much
as being a stronghold of Hamas uh as
Israeli Ground Forces moved in there um
and the Israeli military is promising a
full
and transparent investigation into
exactly what happened we did have last
month Hamas saying that nadav Powell um
the British Israeli citizen who was
killed um had died of his wounds uh that
he sustained in an Israeli air strike in
April um of course that's not something
that that could be verified we've only
just had uh his death being uh confirmed
um but you know the way that this was
phrased by the Israeli military is that
it is looking at all Poss possibilities
into how the men and how the men were
killed okay the United States uh telling
us that they have submitted this peace
plan uh proposal ceasefire proposal to
the UN Security Council a lot of
confusion as to who has said what and
who's going to do what just take us
through that
yolan yeah so in this un Security
Council proposal put forward by the US
it's really um calling on Hamas to
accept the three fa deal that President
Biden laid out on Friday really
presenting it as an Israeli ceasefire
plan to bring the hostages home um and
we had Egypt coming out saying that
Hamas was looking at it positively
although um it has not given an official
response the confusion really comes on
the Israeli side because uh just within
the Israeli governing Coalition it's a
fragile governing Coalition we've had
very uh mixed messaging um those on the
the far right two key ministers have
said that they would be prepared to
topple the government if there was
agreement to what was called a reckless
deal and then we had the Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu really
coming out talking to an Israeli
parliamentary committee saying that um
he would not um go for this um unless it
meant there would still be full victory
over Hamas a full dismantling um of
Hamas it would not mean uh the end of
the war and he was really suggesting it
was possible for Israel to in effect
agree to the first first uh stage of the
plan go for that see many of the most
vulnerable hostages being returned home
during a 6 week ceasefire and then uh
resume the war of course if that's the
case it's something that it's very
unlikely that Hamas would agree to it
okay youand thank you very much indeed
thank you